Guards 403 response (#9)
DDtKey/actix-web-grants: README.md

    .service(web::resource("/admin")
            .to(|| async { HttpResponse::Ok().finish() })
            .guard(PermissionGuard::new("ROLE_ADMIN".to_string())))

>     .service(web::resource("/admin") // in case you want to return 403

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    .service(web::resource("/admin") // in cases where you want to return HTTP 403 code
```

Author: Should I apply your suggestion somehow?))

Reviewer: > Should I apply your suggestion somehow?))

You should commit this suggestion :)
